Adding new readme.md template (#828)
Microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: SampleReadme.md

# Table of Contents
[Concepts introduced in this sample](#concepts-introduced-in-this-sample)
[Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
[Configure Services](#configure-services)
[Run the Sample](#run-this-sample)
[Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator](#testing-the-bot-using-bot-framework-emulator)
[Deploy to Azure](#deploy-to-azure)
[Further Reading](#further-reading)

# Concepts introduced in this sample
<DESCRIPTION OF THE CONCEPTS>

- Services used in this sample
- [LUIS](https://luis.ai) for Natural Language Processing
- [QnA Maker](https://qnamaker.ai) for FAQ, chit-chat, getting help and other single-turn conversations

> - [Dispatch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-tutorial-dispatch?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=csharp) For multiple QnA and/or LUIS applications

Reviewer: >For [](start = 134, length = 3)

Keep casing consistent.

- [AppInsights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-manage-analytics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0) For Telemetry in your Bot

# Prerequisites

###	Required Tools
- [.NET Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1) version 2.1.403 or higher
- [Node.js](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1) version 8.5 or higher 

> - [Azure CLI tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest) (Optional)

Reviewer: >Optional [](start = 105, length = 8)

Seems a little strange - it says "Required Tools" are (Optional)

- [Bot Builder Tools](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotBuilder-tools) (Optional)

### Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```

> ## Configure Services

Reviewer: I think more context is required here.  Conceptually we spoke about 3 paths - using CLI/Portal and Clone.  Following this guide, i'm just going to dive in and begin the manual process of building a bot configuration without any concept of which adventure I chose.

> ## Configure Services

Reviewer: >Configure [](start = 3, length = 9)

I'm not sure how to think about "Configure" the services.  I personally like "Provision Service" and "Deploy Sample".  
Within Provision, you could do it via Clone etc.  Manual creation of the bot configuration seems like like it would group with Deploy.
I'd be interested in how Vishwac parses this.

```bash
msbot connect dispatch --name {DISPATCH NAME} --appId {YOUR LUIS APP ID FOR DISPATCH} --version {VERSION NUMBER (ex: 0.1)} --subscriptionKey {YOUR SUBSCRIPTION KEY} ----authoringKey {YOUR AUTHORING KEY}
```

##### [QnA Maker](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-tools/blob/master/packages/MSBot/docs/add-services.md#connecting-to-qna-maker-knowledge-base)
```bash
msbot connect qna --secret EncryptItPlease --name "{QnA APP NAME}" --kbId {KB-ID} --subscriptionKey {KEY} --endpointKey {ENDPOINT-KEY} --hostname "https://{YOUR SITE}.azurewebsites.net"
```

##### [LUIS](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-tools/blob/master/packages/MSBot/docs/add-services.md#connecting-to-luis-application)
```bash
msbot connect luis --name "My Luis Model" --appId {APP-ID} --version v0.1 --authoringKey {AUTHORING-KEY}
```

#### Encrypt Keys in Your .bot file (Optional)
```bash
msbot secret --new
```
**NOTES:** 
- More info and options regarding encrypting you .bot file [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-tools/blob/master/packages/MSBot/docs/bot-file-encryption.md)
### Manual Setup Using Portal(s)

> If you would not like to use the CLI tools to create your .bot file you can manually create one then copy and paste your ID's and keys in from the portals for the services used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would not like to use the CLI tools to create your .bot file, you can manually create one and copy and paste your ID's and keys in from the portals for the services used.
```

> When you are complete yout .bot file will look like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you are finished, your .bot file should look similar to this:
```

        },
        {
            "type": "generic",
            "id": "364",
            "name": "Authentication",
            "url": "",
            "configuration": {
                "Azure Active Directory v2": ""
            }
        },
        {
            "type": "luis",
            "name": "",
            "appId": "",
            "authoringKey": "",
            "subscriptionKey": "",
            "version": "0.1",
            "region": "westus",
            "id": "120"
        },
        {
            "type": "qna",
            "name": "",
            "id": "85",
            "kbId": "",
            "subscriptionKey": "",
            "endpointKey": "",
            "hostname": "https://{APP NAME}.azurewebsites.net/qnamaker"
        },
        {
            "type": "dispatch",
            "serviceIds": [
                "120",
                "85"
            ],
            "name": "",
            "appId": "",
            "authoringKey": "",
            "subscriptionKey": "",
            "version": "Dispatch",
            "region": "westus",
            "id": "152"
        }
    ],
    "padlock": "",
    "version": "2.0"
}
```

## Run this Sample

### Visual Studio

> - Navigate to the samples folder (`botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}`) and open {SAMPLE NAME}.csproj in Visual Studio .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the samples folder (`botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}`), and open {SAMPLE NAME}.csproj in Visual Studio.
```

> - Run the project (press `F5` key)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run the project (press `F5` key).
```

### Visual Studio Code

> - Open `botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}` sample folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open the `botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}` sample folder.
```

> - Bring up a terminal, navigate to `botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bring up a terminal, navigate to the `botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}` folder, and enter `dotnet run`.
```

or

```suggestion
- Bring up a terminal and navigate to the `botbuilder-samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/{SAMPLE NAME}` folder.
```

- Type `dotnet run`.

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

> [Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots running on localhost or remotely through a tunnel.
```

> - Install the Bot Framework emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install the Bot Framework emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases).
```

### Connect to bot using Bot Framework Emulator **V4**

> - Launch Bot Framework Emulator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Launch Bot Framework Emulator.
```

> - From the *File* menu select *Open Bot Configuration*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- From the *File* menu, select *Open Bot Configuration*.
```

> - Navigate to your `.bot` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Navigate to your `.bot` file.
```

## Deploy to Azure

### Using CLI Tools

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Add an intro, such as:

To clone all of the services a bot into a new azure resource group:

> ## Deploy to Azure

Reviewer: From a contextual standpoint, this comes after Running the sample - which if I chose the Clone path, this should come before.

> msbot clone services -f deploymentScripts/msbotClone -n <BOT-NAME> -l <Azure-location> --subscriptionId <Azure-subscription-id>

Reviewer: Needs the --noDecorate flag.

```
### Deploy from Visual Studio

> - Right click on the project in viasual studio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Right click on the project in Visual Studio.
```

> ```

Reviewer: The BIG problem here is during the clone process, you have to provide a bot name, which dictates the name of the bot config.

You are missing steps (in .net core):
- Update the appsettings.json to reference this new name
- Update the project to make sure it gets copied out with the deployment. (both core and webapi)
Not sure what's required in .js.

> - Select publish

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select publish.
```

> - Follow the steps in the prompt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Follow the steps in the prompt.
```

### Deprovision your bot

> - Using CLI Tools 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To deprovision your bot using the CLI tools :
```

```bash
az group delete --name {RESOURCE GROUP NAME}
```

> - Azure Portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To deprovision your bot using the Azure Portal:
```

>     - Search for your resource group in the Azure portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Search for your resource group in the Azure portal.
```

>     - Click on the "..." to the left side of the resource group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Click on the "..." to the left side of the resource group.
```

>     - Select delete and follow the prompt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Select **delete** and follow the prompt.
```

# Further Reading

> - <LINKS TO ADDITIONAL READING>

Reviewer 3: Jason, Dave and Vishwac discussed this PR and we are going to break this into few additional markdown documents

# To run this sample
## Services used
Overview of services and links to services

## Create a bot file
Instructions to create a bot file

## To get set up with services
- LUIS.ai - get set up using [CLI tools](https://luis.ai) or [portal](https://luis.ai)
- QnA Maker - get set up using [CLI tools](https://qnamaker.ai) or [portal](https://qnamaker.ai)
- Dispatch - get set up using [CLI tools](tools)
- other services ...

## Run the bot
Steps to run the bot once the services are set up.

# Deploy to azure
## Create azure bot service
- Using Azure [portal](portal)
- Using the [AZ CLI](tools)

## Update .bot file with production endpoint
- Using [AZ CLI](tools)

## Deploy bot to azure
- Using [AZ CLI](tools)
- VS Code publish
